The document outline of the structure.html pages is that the header strategy has navigation lists within the header tags. In structuring content, the headers are usually at the top of the page, it contains the site navigation tabs and the header/title of the company information the headings are also used in the page. In the case of the structure.html page it contains the name of the course and the title of the subject being talked about. Under the header, it contains the article or main part of the page. This is where the main content of the page is supposed to be. It contains paragraphs, smaller heading above each paragraph, and sectionings. On the way bottom under the main content, there is a footer that contains the contact information of the website company. In this case the footer has a link to the company and the address. 


<article> An article can group other individual elements that can be standalone, and when the items are removed from the other contents the items can still make sense. So with articles you can basically say that all of the other contents belong together and could be stand alone.  In this case, the article element grouped up all of the other elements within the second header element and the sections elements showing that all the contents within the article elements belong together. 

<nav>The nav element is the section that gives people access to other pages by having links of the other pages together within the actual page the user is on.  In this page there are multiple pages connected to this page, the nav element will  help people access the other pages easily. In this case the nav element has a list of links of the other content that is connected to this page. The wai aria roles in the nav can help for greater accessiblity on identifying the major groups of links used for navigating throguh the website. 

<section> Section elements represent a standalone section of a document, it should contain a heading most of the times. In this page each sectioning tag has a heading h3 element as its heading and has paragraphs under the heading, grouping all the heading with the paragraphs. In the document outline there are 4 individual section elements within the parents article. 

<aside> This element is a sectional element similar to the section element. If the section element is used in the page already, the aside element can be used as a new section in the document outline and can have it relate to the parent element. It can show that the aside element can be very important. The reason the content in the aside element is different from the actual section element is because the heading was h3 and since the info was only related to the parent section info, it was decided to make the h4 heading to be its own element aside. The wai aria role of the aside tag can help for greater accessiblity on identifying the designation of the supporting section that relates to the main content. 
